doc: MCUboot doc fixes (#164)
nrfconnect/sdk-mcuboot: docs/release.md

We mark in documentation an MCUBoot development version using
the format MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH-dev.

## Release notes

> Before making a release, be sure to update the `docs/release-notes.md`
> to describe the release.  This should be a high-level description of
> the changes, not a list of the git commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before making a release, update the `docs/release-notes.md`
to describe the release. This should be a high-level description of
the changes, not a list of the git commits.
```

## Release candidates

> Prior to each release, tags are made (see below) for at least one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before each release, tags are made (see below) for at least one
```

release candidate (a.b.c-rc1, followed by a.b.c-rc2, followed by

> the official a.b.c release).  The intent is to freeze the code for a
> time, and allow testing to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the official a.b.c release). The intent is to freeze the code for a
time, and allow testing.
```

new release version, including updates to the pseudo keys
(`*-(latest|dev)`).

## Tagging and release

> To make a release, make sure your local repo is on the tip version by
> fetching from origin.  Typically, the releaser should create a branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a release, make sure your local repo is on the tip version by
fetching from origin. Typically, the releaser should create a branch
```
